[virt] DPDK Checkup: Update user facing API (#62967)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-checking-cluster-dpdk-readiness.adoc

[id="virt-checking-cluster-dpdk-readiness_{context}"]
= DPDK checkup

Use a predefined checkup to verify that your {product-title} cluster node can run a virtual machine (VM) with a Data Plane Development Kit (DPDK) workload with zero packet loss. The DPDK checkup runs traffic between a traffic generator and a VM running a test DPDK application.

You run a DPDK checkup by performing the following steps:

. Create a service account, role, and role bindings for the DPDK checkup.
. Create a config map to provide the input to run the checkup and to store the results.
. Create a job to run the checkup.
. Review the results in the config map.
. Optional: To rerun the checkup, delete the existing config map and job and then create a new config map and job.
. When you are finished, delete the DPDK checkup resources.

.Prerequisites
* You have installed the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).

> * The cluster is configured to run DPDK applications.

Reviewer: Duplicated line.

Author: This change is from PR #62804 that this PR depends on.
The lines are not duplicated (one line talks about the cluster and another on the project).

Reviewer: You are correct.
Sorry.

metadata:
  name: dpdk-checkup-config
data:
  spec.timeout: 10m
  spec.param.NetworkAttachmentDefinitionName: "dpdk-network-1"
  spec.param.trafficGenContainerDiskImage: "quay.io/kiagnose/kubevirt-dpdk-checkup-traffic-gen:v0.1.1"
  spec.param.vmUnderTestContainerDiskImage: "quay.io/kiagnose/kubevirt-dpdk-checkup-vm:v0.1.1"
  status.succeeded: "true" <1>
  status.failureReason: "" <2>
  status.startTimestamp: "2023-07-31T13:14:38Z" <3>
  status.completionTimestamp: "2023-07-31T13:19:41Z" <4>
  status.result.trafficGenSentPackets: "480000000" <5>
  status.result.trafficGenOutputErrorPackets: "0" <6>
  status.result.trafficGenInputErrorPackets: "0" <7>
  status.result.trafficGenActualNodeName: worker-dpdk1 <8>
  status.result.vmUnderTestActualNodeName: worker-dpdk2 <9>
  status.result.vmUnderTestReceivedPackets: "480000000" <10>
  status.result.vmUnderTestRxDroppedPackets: "0" <11>
  status.result.vmUnderTestTxDroppedPackets: "0" <12>
----
<1> Specifies if the checkup is successful (`true`) or not (`false`).
<2> The reason for failure if the checkup fails.
<3> The time when the checkup started, in RFC 3339 time format.

> <4> The time when the checkup is complete, in RFC 3339 time format.

Reviewer 2: `startTimestamp` uses past tense "started" while - `completionTimestamp` uses present tense "is complete". could you align `completionTimestamp` to be past, as the other params?

```suggestion
<4> The time when the checkup has completed, in RFC 3339 time format.
```

Author: Done.
